Americano: 1oz Campari: 1oz sweet vermouth: soda water: Mix Campari and vermouth in a glass filled with ice, top with soda water, stir gently.
Aperol Spritz: 3 parts Prosecco: 2 parts Aperol: 1 part soda water: Mix all ingredients in a wine glass filled with ice, garnish with an orange slice.
Aviation: 2oz gin: 0.5oz maraschino liqueur: 0.25oz crème de violette: 0.75oz lemon juice: Shake ingredients with ice, strain into a cocktail glass.
Bahama Mama: 0.5oz rum: 0.5oz coconut rum: 0.5oz grenadine: 1oz orange juice: 1oz pineapple juice: Shake all ingredients with ice, strain into a glass filled with ice.
Bee's Knees: 2 oz gin: 3/4 oz lemon juice: 1/2 oz honey syrup: shake all ingredients with ice, strain into a cocktail glass.
Bellini: 2oz peach purée: 4oz Prosecco: Pour peach purée into a champagne flute, slowly add Prosecco.
Black Russian: 1.5oz vodka: 0.75oz coffee liqueur: Pour ingredients over ice cubes in an old-fashioned glass and stir.
Bloody Mary: 1.5oz vodka: 3oz tomato juice: 0.5oz lemon juice: 1 dash of Worcestershire sauce: Tabasco: celery salt: pepper: Stir all ingredients in a highball glass filled with ice, garnish with a celery stalk.
Blue Lagoon: 1oz vodka: 1oz blue curaçao: lemonade: Pour vodka and blue curaçao into a highball glass with ice, top with lemonade.
Blue Margarita: 2oz tequila: 1oz blue curaçao: 1oz lime juice: salt for rimming: Rim glass with salt, shake ingredients with ice, strain into the glass.
Boulevardier: 1.5oz bourbon: 1oz Campari: 1oz sweet vermouth: Stir ingredients with ice, strain into a chilled cocktail glass, garnish with orange twist.
Bramble: 2oz gin: 1oz lemon juice: 0.5oz sugar syrup: 0.5oz blackberry liqueur: Shake gin, lemon juice, and syrup with ice, strain into a glass filled with crushed ice, drizzle blackberry liqueur over.
Caipirinha: 2oz cachaça: half a lime cut into 4 wedges: 2 tsp sugar: Muddle the lime and sugar, fill the glass with ice and add cachaça.
Cosmopolitan: 1.5oz vodka: 1oz cranberry juice: 0.5oz Cointreau: 0.5oz lime juice: Shake ingredients with ice, strain into a martini glass, garnish with a lime twist.
Cuba Libre: 2oz light rum: lime juice: cola: Fill a highball glass with ice, add rum and lime juice, top with cola, stir gently.
Daiquiri: 2oz light rum: 1oz lime juice: 0.5oz simple syrup: Shake ingredients with ice, strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Dark 'N' Stormy: 2oz dark rum: ginger beer: Fill a highball glass with ice, add rum and top with ginger beer, garnish with a lime wedge.
Dirty Martini: 2.5oz gin or vodka: 0.5oz dry vermouth: 0.5oz olive brine: Stir ingredients with ice, strain into a chilled martini glass, garnish with olives.
Espresso Martini: 2oz vodka: 0.5oz coffee liqueur: 1 shot of espresso: 0.5oz simple syrup: Shake all ingredients with ice, strain into a chilled martini glass.
French 75: 2oz gin: 0.5oz lemon juice: 0.5oz simple syrup: 3oz champagne: Shake gin, lemon juice, and syrup with ice, strain into a flute, top with champagne.
Gimlet: 2.5oz gin: 0.5oz lime juice: 0.5oz simple syrup: Shake ingredients with ice, strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Godfather: 1.5oz Scotch whisky: 0.75oz amaretto: Pour ingredients into an old-fashioned glass filled with ice, stir gently.
Godmother: 1.5oz vodka: 0.75oz amaretto: Stir ingredients with ice in an old-fashioned glass.
Gold Rush: 2 oz bourbon: 3/4 oz lemon juice: 3/4 oz honey syrup: shake all ingredients with ice, strain into a rocks glass with ice.
Grasshopper: 0.75oz green crème de menthe: 0.75oz white crème de cacao: 0.75oz cream: Shake ingredients with ice, strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Hanky Panky: 1 1/2 oz gin: 1 1/2 oz sweet vermouth: 2 dashes Fernet Branca: stir all ingredients with ice, strain into a chilled cocktail glass, garnish with an orange twist
Harvey Wallbanger: 1.5oz vodka: 3oz orange juice: 0.5oz Galliano: Shake vodka and orange juice with ice, strain into a highball glass with ice, float Galliano on top.
Hemingway Daiquiri: 2oz white rum: 0.75oz grapefruit juice: 0.5oz maraschino liqueur: 0.5oz lime juice: Shake ingredients with ice, strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Hurricane: 2oz light rum: 2oz dark rum: 1oz lime juice: 1oz orange juice: 0.5oz grenadine: 0.5oz simple syrup: Shake all ingredients with ice, strain into a hurricane glass filled with ice.
Irish Coffee: 1.5oz Irish whiskey: 4oz hot coffee: 1 tsp brown sugar: cream: Stir whiskey, coffee, and sugar in a mug, top with cream.
Japanese Slipper: 1oz Midori: 1oz Cointreau: 1oz lemon juice: Shake ingredients with ice, strain into a cocktail glass, garnish with a cherry.
Kamikaze: 1.5oz vodka: 1oz triple sec: 1oz lime juice: Shake ingredients with ice, strain into a cocktail glass.
Kir: 9oz dry white wine: 1oz crème de cassis: Pour crème de cassis into a glass, top with white wine.
Kir Royale: 4oz Champagne: 0.5oz crème de cassis: Pour crème de cassis into a flute, top with Champagne.
Lemon Drop Martini: 2oz vodka: 0.5oz triple sec: 1oz lemon juice: sugar for rimming: Rim martini glass with sugar, shake ingredients with ice, strain into the glass.
Long Island Iced Tea: 0.5oz vodka: 0.5oz tequila: 0.5oz rum: 0.5oz gin: 0.5oz triple sec: 1oz lemon juice: 0.5oz simple syrup: cola: Shake all ingredients except cola with ice, strain into a highball glass with ice, top with cola.
Mai Tai: 1.5oz white rum: 0.5oz fresh lime juice: 0.5oz orange curaçao: 0.5oz orgeat syrup: 0.5oz dark rum: Shake all ingredients except dark rum with ice, strain into a glass filled with ice, float dark rum on top.
Manhattan: 2oz rye or bourbon: 1oz sweet vermouth: 2 dashes Angostura bitters: Stir ingredients with ice, strain into a chilled cocktail glass, garnish with a cherry.
Margarita: 2oz tequila: 1oz lime juice: 1oz triple sec: salt for rimming: Rim glass with salt, shake ingredients with ice, strain into the glass.
Martini (Classic): 2.5oz gin: 0.5oz dry vermouth: Stir ingredients with ice, strain into a chilled martini glass, garnish with an olive or lemon twist.
Mimosa: Equal parts Champagne: orange juice: Pour orange juice into a flute, top with Champagne.
Mint Julep: 2oz bourbon: 6-8 mint leaves: 1 tsp sugar: muddle mint and sugar, fill glass with crushed ice, add bourbon, stir gently.
Mojito: 2oz white rum: 1oz lime juice: 2 tsp sugar: 6-8 mint leaves: soda water: Muddle mint, sugar, and lime juice, add rum, fill with ice, top with soda water, stir gently.
Moscow Mule: 2oz vodka: 0.5oz lime juice: ginger beer: Fill a copper mug with ice, add vodka and lime juice, top with ginger beer, stir gently.
Negroni: 1oz gin: 1oz Campari: 1oz sweet vermouth: Stir ingredients with ice, strain into an old-fashioned glass filled with ice, garnish with an orange peel.
Old Fashioned: 2oz bourbon or rye whiskey: 1 sugar cube: 2 dashes Angostura bitters: a few dashes plain water: Muddle sugar, bitters, and water, add whiskey and ice, stir gently.
Painkiller: 2oz dark rum: 1oz cream of coconut: 4oz pineapple juice: 1oz orange juice: Shake all ingredients with ice, strain into a glass filled with ice, garnish with nutmeg.
Paloma: 2oz tequila: 0.5oz lime juice: grapefruit soda: Fill a highball glass with ice, add tequila and lime juice, top with grapefruit soda, stir gently.
Pina Colada: 2oz light rum: 2oz coconut cream: 2oz pineapple juice: Blend all ingredients with ice, pour into a chilled glass, garnish with pineapple.
Pink Lady: 1.5oz gin: 0.5oz applejack: 0.5oz lemon juice: 0.5oz grenadine: 1 egg white: Shake ingredients vigorously with ice, strain into a cocktail glass.
Planter's Punch: 3oz dark rum: 1oz lime juice: 0.5oz grenadine: 0.5oz simple syrup: 3oz orange juice: 3oz pineapple juice: Shake all ingredients with ice, strain into a glass filled with ice, garnish with fruit.
Rob Roy: 2oz Scotch whisky: 1oz sweet vermouth: 2 dashes Angostura bitters: Stir ingredients with ice, strain into a chilled cocktail glass, garnish with a cherry.
Rum Swizzle: 2oz dark rum: 1oz lime juice: 1oz simple syrup: 2 dashes Angostura bitters: Mix ingredients in a glass filled with ice, swizzle or stir well.
Rusty Nail: 1 1/2 oz Scotch whisky: 3/4 oz Drambuie: pour ingredients into an old-fashioned glass filled with ice, stir gently
Salty Dog: 1 1/2 oz gin or vodka: grapefruit juice: salt: fill a highball glass with ice, add gin or vodka and grapefruit juice, rim the glass with salt
Sangria: 1 bottle red wine: 1/4 cup brandy: 1/4 cup orange juice: 2 tbsp sugar: orange slices: lemon slices: lime slices: mix all ingredients in a large pitcher, chill for an hour, serve over ice
Sazerac: 2 oz rye whiskey: 1 sugar cube: 2 dashes Peychaud's Bitters: absinthe: lemon peel: muddle sugar and bitters, add whiskey, stir, coat a glass with absinthe, strain the drink into the glass, garnish with lemon peel
Screwdriver: 1 3/4 oz vodka: orange juice: pour vodka into a highball glass filled with ice, top with orange juice, stir
Sea Breeze: 1 1/2 oz vodka: 3 oz cranberry juice: 1 oz grapefruit juice: lime wedge: pour all ingredients into a highball glass with ice, stir, garnish with lime wedge
Sex on the Beach: 1 1/2 oz vodka: 1/2 oz peach schnapps: 2 oz cranberry juice: 2 oz orange juice: orange slice: maraschino cherry: mix all ingredients in a highball glass with ice, garnish with orange slice and cherry
Shirley Temple: ginger ale: a splash of grenadine: maraschino cherry: orange slice: pour ginger ale into a glass with ice, add grenadine, stir, garnish with cherry and orange slice
Sidecar: 2 oz cognac: 3/4 oz lemon juice: 3/4 oz triple sec: sugar: coat the rim of a cocktail glass with sugar, shake all ingredients with ice, strain into the glass
Singapore Sling: 1 1/2 oz gin: 1/2 oz cherry liqueur: 1/4 oz Cointreau: 1/4 oz Benedictine: 4 oz pineapple juice: 1/2 oz lime juice: 1/3 oz grenadine: club soda: shake all ingredients except club soda with ice, strain into a highball glass, top with club soda
Sloe Gin Fizz: 1 1/2 oz sloe gin: 1 oz lemon juice: 1/2 oz simple syrup: club soda: shake first three ingredients with ice, strain into a highball glass with ice, top with club soda
Tequila Sunrise: 2 oz tequila: orange juice: 1/2 oz grenadine: orange slice: cherry: pour tequila and orange juice into a highball glass with ice, add grenadine, garnish with orange slice and cherry
Tom Collins: 2 oz gin: 1 oz lemon juice: 1/2 oz simple syrup: club soda: lemon slice: maraschino cherry: mix gin, lemon juice, and simple syrup in a Collins glass with ice, top with club soda, garnish with lemon slice and cherry
Tranquility: 2 oz gin: 1/2 oz blue curaçao: 1/2 oz lemon juice: 1/4 oz simple syrup: shake all ingredients with ice, strain into a cocktail glass
Tropical Storm: 2 oz rum: 1 oz pineapple juice: 1 oz coconut cream: blend all ingredients with ice, pour into a chilled glass
Tuxedo: 2 oz gin: 1/4 oz dry vermouth: 1/4 oz maraschino liqueur: 2 dashes orange bitters: lemon twist: stir all ingredients with ice, strain into a chilled cocktail glass, garnish with lemon twist
Twilight: 2 oz gin: 1/2 oz elderflower liqueur: 1/2 oz lemon juice: 1/4 oz simple syrup: shake all ingredients with ice, strain into a cocktail glass
Twister: 1 oz vodka: 1 oz rum: 1 oz tequila: 1 oz gin: 1 oz blue curaçao: splash of sour mix: shake all ingredients with ice, strain into a highball glass
Ultraviolet: 2 oz vodka: 1/2 oz Parfait Amour: 1/2 oz lemon juice: shake all ingredients with ice, strain into a cocktail glass
Umbrella: 1 oz vodka: 1 oz blue curaçao: pineapple juice: lemon-lime soda: mix vodka and blue curaçao in a highball glass with ice, top with pineapple juice and soda
Unicorn: 1 1/2 oz gin: 3/4 oz lemon juice: 3/4 oz simple syrup: 1 egg white: shake all ingredients without ice first, then add ice and shake again, strain into a cocktail glass
Valentine's Day: 1 1/2 oz vodka: 1 oz cranberry juice: 1/2 oz orange liqueur: shake all ingredients with ice, strain into a chilled cocktail glass
Velvet Hammer: 1 oz Cointreau: 1 oz Tia Maria: 1 oz light cream: shake all ingredients with ice, strain into a cocktail glass
Vesper: 3 oz gin: 1 oz vodka: 1/2 oz Lillet Blanc: lemon peel: shake all ingredients with ice, strain into a chilled cocktail glass, garnish with lemon peel
Venetian Sunset: 1 1/2 oz Aperol: 1 1/2 oz prosecco: 1/2 oz soda water: mix all ingredients in a wine glass filled with ice, garnish with an orange slice
Vieux Carré: 3/4 oz rye whiskey: 3/4 oz Cognac: 3/4 oz sweet vermouth: 1 tsp Benedictine: 2 dashes Peychaud's Bitters: 2 dashes Angostura Bitters: lemon twist: stir all ingredients with ice, strain into a rocks glass with ice, garnish with lemon twist
Violet Fizz: 2 oz gin: 1/2 oz lemon juice: 1/4 oz crème de violette: 1 egg white: club soda: shake first four ingredients without ice, then with ice, strain into a highball glass, top with club soda
Watermelon Cooler: 2 oz vodka: 1 oz watermelon juice: 1/2 oz lime juice: 1/2 oz simple syrup: shake all ingredients with ice, strain into a highball glass with ice
Wave Runner: 1 oz vodka: 1 oz blue curaçao: 1 oz pineapple juice: shake all ingredients with ice, strain into a chilled cocktail glass
Whiskey Sour: 2 oz whiskey: 3/4 oz lemon juice: 1/2 oz simple syrup: orange slice: cherry: shake all ingredients with ice, strain into a rocks glass with ice, garnish with orange slice and cherry
White Lady: 2 oz gin: 1/2 oz Cointreau: 1/2 oz lemon juice: shake all ingredients with ice, strain into a cocktail glass
White Russian: 2 oz vodka: 1 oz coffee liqueur: light cream: pour vodka and coffee liqueur into an Old Fashioned glass with ice, top with cream, stir gently
Wildfire: 2 oz whiskey: 1/2 oz lemon juice: 1/2 oz honey syrup: dash of hot sauce: shake all ingredients with ice, strain into a rocks glass with ice
Windsor Rose: 1 1/2 oz gin: 3/4 oz lemon juice: 1/2 oz rose syrup: shake all ingredients with ice, strain into a cocktail glass
Woo Woo: 1 oz vodka: 1 oz peach schnapps: cranberry juice: lime wedge: pour vodka and peach schnapps into a highball glass with ice, top with cranberry juice, garnish with lime wedge
X-rated Fusion: 1 oz X-rated Fusion Liqueur: 1 oz vodka: cranberry juice: shake all ingredients with ice, strain into a chilled cocktail glass
Xanadu: 1 1/2 oz rum: 1 oz pineapple juice: 1/2 oz coconut cream: blend all ingredients with ice, pour into a chilled glass
XYZ: 1 oz rum: 1/2 oz Cointreau: 1/2 oz lemon juice: shake all ingredients with ice, strain into a cocktail glass
Yakima: 2 oz gin: 1 oz apple juice: 1/2 oz lime juice: 1/2 oz simple syrup: shake all ingredients with ice, strain into a cocktail glass
Yankee Doodle: 1 1/2 oz bourbon: 1/2 oz apple cider: 1/4 oz lemon juice: 1/4 oz simple syrup: shake all ingredients with ice, strain into a cocktail glass
Yellow Bird: 1 1/2 oz light rum: 1/2 oz Galliano: 1/2 oz triple sec: 1 1/2 oz orange juice: 1/2 oz lime juice: shake all ingredients with ice, strain into a cocktail glass
Yellow Jacket: 2 oz tequila: 1/2 oz elderflower liqueur: 1/2 oz lime juice: 1/4 oz agave syrup: shake all ingredients with ice, strain into a cocktail glass
Yo Ho Ho: 2 oz dark rum: 1 oz lime juice: 1/2 oz simple syrup: shake all ingredients with ice, strain into a cocktail glass
Zinger: 2 oz vodka: 1/2 oz triple sec: 1/2 oz lemon juice: 1/2 oz lime juice: splash of cranberry juice: shake all ingredients with ice, strain into a chilled cocktail glass
Zig Zag: 1 1/2 oz bourbon: 3/4 oz sweet vermouth: 1/4 oz Fernet Branca: stir all ingredients with ice, strain into a chilled cocktail glass
Zombie: 1 oz light rum: 1 oz dark rum: 1 oz apricot brandy: 1 oz lime juice: 1 oz pineapple juice: 1 oz papaya juice: 1/2 oz 151-proof rum: mix all ingredients except 151-proof rum in a shaker with ice, pour into a highball glass, float 151-proof rum on top
Zurich: 2 oz gin: 1/2 oz dry vermouth: 1/2 oz Kirsch: lemon twist: stir all ingredients with ice, strain into a chilled cocktail glass, garnish with lemon twist
